chore: add release notes for the patch (#1717) (#1718)
nginx/documentation: content/waf/changelog/_index.md

For older releases, check the changelogs for previous years: [2025]({{< ref "/waf/changelog/2025.md" >}}), [2024]({{< ref "/waf/changelog/2024.md" >}}), [2023]({{< ref "/waf/changelog/2023.md" >}}).

## F5 WAF for NGINX 5.11.1

Released _February 11th, 2026_.

### Important notes

- This is a patch release, not a full feature release

### Resolved issues

> - 13720 - Fixed a case where NGINX reloads in WAF deployments could terminate in‑flight requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 13720 - Fixed a case where reloading NGINX in  WAF deployments can interrupt in‑flight requests.
```

suggestion to make it more ESL-friendly
